Clarify for the text (#9968)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/meeting-policies-audio-and-video.md

## Media bit rate (Kbps)

> This is a per-user policy. This setting determines the media bit rate for audio, video, and video-based app sharing transmissions in calls and meetings for the user. It's applied to both the uplink and downlink media traversal for users in the call or meeting. It means, if you set value 2000kbps it is 2000kbps for uplink and 2000kbps for downlink, all together 4000kbps. This setting gives you granular control over managing bandwidth in your organization. Depending on the meetings scenarios required by users, we recommend having enough bandwidth in place for a good quality experience. The minimum value is 30 Kbps and the maximum value depends on the meeting scenario. To learn more about the minimum recommended bandwidth for good quality meetings, calls, and live events in Teams, see [Bandwidth requirements](prepare-network.md#bandwidth-requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a per-user policy. This setting determines the media bit rate for audio, video, and video-based app-sharing transmissions in calls and meetings for the user. It's applied to both the uplink and downlink media traversal for users in the call or meeting. For example, if you set a value of 2,000 Kbps, it is 2,000 Kbps for the uplink media and 2,000 Kbps for the downlink media, resulting in a total of 4,000 Kbps. This setting gives you granular control over managing bandwidth in your organization. Depending on the meetings scenarios required by users, we recommend having enough bandwidth in place for a good quality experience. The minimum value is 30 Kbps and the maximum value depends on the meeting scenario. To learn more about the minimum recommended bandwidth for good quality meetings, calls, and live events in Teams, see [Bandwidth requirements](prepare-network.md#bandwidth-requirements).
```
